Zhao Lian'an, get out of here for me
Come and chase this lunatic away from me. You can see who I am with wide eyes
I am Wang Rongchang
Can you afford it?
Who cares who you are
I can't get in without inviting Han Jun
Zhao Lian's short man's money is like murdering his parents
Don't take the enemy of the whole family, I won't dare to touch you
Isn't this Mr. Wang
How do you want to touch me haha
Xu Zhao, I heard that Bajie said that you hooked up with this one
Why did you change people in just two days
Your ability to hook up people is much higher than where?
Boss Wang
This year's financial summit is hosted by my Zhou Group
It's not the point where you go wild
Zhao Lian'an is working for me
As for Xu live streaming host, it's mine
If you don't want your mouth, I can help you guard against it
If Boss Zhou is not afraid to make things worse
Then I will sue the special trial
Let him judge
Just rely on Zhao Lian'an's words
My boat can't dock
It floats like the sea every day
I lose tens of millions every day
I'm about to go bankrupt
Mr. Wang
I didn't compensate you for your loss according to the contract
Besides, my family won't let you stop, it's not that there is another house
The docks in this port city are not all our Zhao family
You really can grab it
Your dock won't let my boat dock
Who will come to my boat to dock when the other little mushrooms hear the fan
Hey, aren't there just two women competing for jealousy there?
Ah, Mom, let me solve it for someone else
Just raise your hand
Can you let me have a Chen Long?
Although Mom and I are quite jealous
But you won't ruin his face, right?
You are all rich today
Who is it, you are in trouble
I will fucking kill you
If Boss Wang doesn't kill me again
I don't mind asking the maritime police to check
Is your goods clean?
OK
You can
Let's go a few ways
Find someone to rob it